= Redmine Better Gantt Chart Plugin

The plugin imroves functionality of Redmine Gantt Chart.

== Features

- Issues on Gantt chart connected with arrows. Handy!
- Relations info added to issue tooltip.
- Fixed rescheduling of related tasks if due date of dependent task changed to an earlier date.
- Fixed sorting of issues on the chart  as per http://www.redmine.org/issues/7335
- Added validation: start date of child issue cannot be less than start date of the parent, if parent depends on other tasks
- Fast rescheduling of related issues. Now you can have hundreds of related issues with many levels of hierarchy, and expect they'll be rescheduled just almost as fast as if you were in MS Project. And it will not cause 'stack level too deep' error (not kidding)!

== Compatibility

Tested with Redmine versions: 1.1.0, 1.1.1, 1.1.2, 1.1.3, 1.2.0.stable

== Installation and Setup

1. Go to your #{RAILS_ROOT}/vendor/plugins directory
2. Run 'git clone git://github.com/kulesa/redmine_better_gantt_chart.git'. Or if you don't have git, click '*Download*' button on this page, save and unpack archive in plugins directory, and rename extracted folder to '*redmine_better_gantt_chart*'
3. Restart Redmine

You should now see the plugin in *Administration* -> *Plugins*. The plugin does not require any database migrations.

Connection arrows are rendered in SVG via {Raphael.js}[http://raphaeljs.com/] library. This should work in any modern or not so modern browser, including IE6.

== Usage

1. Open an existing issue in Redmine
2. Click *Add* in *Related* *Issues* section, select type of relation 'Follows' or 'Precedes' and enter # of the related issue.
3. Save changes.
4. Go to *Gantt* tab. 

== Problems and Limitations

- Currently only '*follows*' and '*precedes*' relations are used to calculate schedule of dependend issues. Other relation types are rendered on the chart, but they *do* *not* *change* schedule of related issues. 
- Only 'finish-to-start' dependency type is available.
- One issue can precede many issues but, can be preceeded with only one issue. 

== Helping out

If you notice any problems, please report them to the GitHub issue tracker {here}[https://github.com/kulesa/redmine_better_gantt_chart/issues]. Feel free to contact me via GitHub or Twitter 
or whatever with any other questions or feature requests. To submit changes fork the project and send a pull request.

== Contributors

Thanks to Jeremy Subtil ({BigMadWolf}[https://github.com/BigMadWolf]) for contributing a patch for displaying connections between cross-project related issues.

== License

Better Gantt Chart is released under MIT license.